# Now in Esper - Geofences! <Badge text="New" type="tip"/> 

Geofencing is a useful feature for some dedicated device deployment scenarios. With geofencing you use the device’s location typically generated by GPS to trigger an alert when the device enters or leaves a defined area. Common scenarios include making sure a fleet of delivery devices stay in their delivery zone, warehousing devices don’t stray far from the warehouse, and restaurant ordering devices don’t leave the restaurant.

In order for geofencing to work, the mobile device needs Internet connectivity and location services enabled. Thus this is typically for cellular connected devices with high accuracy location services enabled - whether smartphones or tablets.

Setting up a geofence for a device is easy - it starts by selecting Geofence in Esper Console’s left navigation pane - this brings you up to a wizard for quickly defining the geofence. Click on **New Geofence**:

In the first screen you define the size of your geofence (meaning where you expect any devices to be for this geofence) - it is a circle that can be as small as 100m radius up to 10km. Note that GPS can drift and jump, thus a geofence smaller than 100m can cause false positives. To set it up at a location simply type the address for the center of the circle, or drag it in the map view to set it up. Give it a name and description, and then click Next:

Now you assign devices to this geofence - you can do as many as you need that fit the criteria for the geofence. In this case we are just doing one:

Now you define the action to be taken when any of the assigned devices leave the geofence - you can either lock them, have them beep, or both. In this case I went with beep!

That’s it! It looks even easier in our [video](https://youtu.be/UkTwhFRTwgQ)
 Give it a try and let us know what you think, andi@esper.io.
